Text of practice exercises for Module 1.6:
1.	Anti-inflammatory drugs may be protective for the occurrence of Alzheimer’s Disease.	
a.	Fatima-Anti-inflammatory drugs protect Alzheimer’s disease.
b.	C-Anti-inflammatory drugs may protect against Alzheimer’s disease.

2.	Clinical seizures have been estimated to occur in 0.5% to 2.3% of the neonatal population.
a.	Fatima - Clinical seizures occur in 0.5% to 2.3% of the neonatal population.
b.	C- Clinical seizures occur in 0.5% to 2.3% of the newborns.

3.	Ultimately p53 guards not only against malignant transformation but also plays a role in developmental processes as diverse as aging, differentiation, and fertility.  
a.	Fatima - P53 guards malignant transformation and in aging, differentiation, and fertility.  
b.	C – Besides preventing cancer, P53 also plays roles in aging, differentiation and fertility.

4.	Injuries to the brain and spinal cord have long been known to be among the most devastating and expensive of all injuries to treat medically.   
a.	Fatima – Among all injuries, Brain and Spinal cord injuries are expensive to treat.
b.	C -    Injuries to the brain and spinal cord are among the most devastating and expensive.

5.	An IQ test measures an individual’s abilities to perform functions that usually fall in the domains of verbal communication, reasoning, and performance on tasks that represent motor and spatial capabilities.
a.	Fatima – An IQ test measures an individual’s abilities of verbal communication, reasoning, and performance which represents motor and spatial capabilities.
b.	C - An IQ test measures an individual’s verbal communication, reasoning motor and spatial capabilities.

6.	As we can see from Figure 2, if the return kinetic energy is less than 3.2 Up, there will be two electron trajectories associated with this kinetic energy.
a.	Fatima - Figure 2 illustrates, if the return kinetic energy is less than 3.2 Up, than two electron trajectories are associated.
b.	C – Figure 2 shows that a Kinetic energy less than 3.2up yields two electron trajectories.
